Lululong, what are you doing?
Hear separation, why are you here? Your Majesty,
Well, what about him and me giving the soldiers of the Yellow Sun?
When you see a doctor, you either take off your clothes or take off your clothes.
What's weird about you?
This, this is for there to be no barriers. Even if he says it, you don’t understand.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty has recovered from his illness,
The disease is really gone. You all should go back and rest.
In the same way, his calculations came true,
If he keeps it like this, he will take him with him,
Yes He will come and go even greater,
Your Majesty, please ask your servant to stay and take care of you. That’s not necessary.
You've had a busy day too
Go back and rest early
I also need to rest, Your Majesty
You have a good rest
It is good for me and others to retire, Su Qingyuan
What are you doing? Su Qing yelled
It's not my bed, I know
Aren’t we husband and wife? Husband and wife?
Couples should share a bed